---
title: "Boy Mom"
Author: "Super Mom"
---

"Everyone knows parenting is hard. Kids should really come with an instruction manual or something. Or at least a warning. Don't get me wrong. I love my kids and everything I do is for them. But when you have to juggle between being a mom, a housewife, a student, and managing everything else, there's really no room for anything else. Not even 'me' time. This remote learning environment has made it especially hard on all of us, but I'd have to say working moms the most. On top of everything else we were doing before, now we have to be teachers too. I mean, I'd chose the safety of my child over a virus infected school any day, but that doesn't mean it isn't hard to handle all of the demands we are still expected to handle as if the kids were still in school. Most employers still hold women to the same or higher standards without understanding the extreme hardships of the current circumstances. Seriously ladies, how do you attend your meetings or are able to focus in class when your kids is sitting right next to you pulling at your shirt and calling you mommy for the thousand time? How do you get any work done? I find it now takes me tripple the time to complete any tasks. Doing homework while you have a baby trying to climb on top of you, your four-year-old asking for an extra snack or anthing else he can think of, and your six-year-old runnin a tornado next to you while your teenager is screaming at him to stop. It's impossible! How us moms get any work done is beyond me. I don't even know how I do it half the time. I guess it's like my teenager says; we moms have super powers and arent' human. To all you working/student moms out there. Power to you! We got this!"